CAMP - Console Ansi Mpeg3 Player interface version 1.0.633 released 1998-04-16

Disclaimer:

I am NOT responsible for any trouble that CAMP can cause to your
PC or any of it's components. You have to use this software totally at
your own risk!


Notice:

This is CAMP version 1.0, it's the first version that's going public, i
know it will have loads of small bugs and stuff, if you find any, try to
remeber HOW you made the bug appear, or even better, if you can make up 
some kind of fix, mail the fix/bug to me at inm@sector7.kracked.com.
This documentation has a really low quality, and that's just because i
hate to write doc's, and that english isn't my native language ;)
Feel very free to mail me with any comments/ideas you have.


Install:

To compile and install the camp-source, type the following commands:

./configure
./make
./make install

If you don't know what to answer when running configure, it's probably
safe for everyone to answer use Linux defaults or Termios.

Make sure to edit ".camp" in your homedirectory to point the player
variable to mpg123 or any other command-line mp3 player. 
CAMP is known to compile and run under Linux, and SunOS.


Syntax:

Camp can be started without any parameters, but you could also start it
with "camp -p /path/to/playlist/allfiles.lst", OR simply start it with the
command "camp /songs/mp3/*mp3". Notice that if you load your files
normally once, then save them as a "ID3" playlist, will make camp load
them at least ten times faster, since it doesn't have to scan them for
samplingrates/ID3 tags.


Things to do in future versions:

* Get rid of the PC-Only charset, wich will make CAMP look like shit on
  some machines.
* Make a sorting-routine for the playlist.
* Cleanup the code, remove some global variables.
* Fix all the small bugs i don't know of yet.
* Write a nicer documentation



Interface buttons, functions:

Row 1, at the mainscreen:

dark "®®" button: 
 Skips back one song

light "¯¯" button:
 If playmode is normal or repeat (loop), it will restart the current song,
 and if playmode is random, it will random another song.

dark "¯¯" button:
 Skips forward one song

light "þþ" button:
 Stops the music, if it's playing.

light "®¯" button:
 Changes the playmode, normal, repeat or random.
 Normal means play untill all songs have been played, then exit.
 Repeat (loop) plays like normal, but jumps from last song to first (neverending)
 Random chooses the song totally random (neverending)

light "pl" button:
 Loads up the playlist editor.

light, custom button, defaults to "mixr"
 If default settings, will try to execute /usr/bin/aumix, check config.h
 in the source to change.


Row 2, at the mainscreen:

light "||" button:
 Will pause the song, and continue it if you press pause or play.

light "lock" button:
 Locks the console so noone can exit CAMP, useful if you want to play
 as root, while there's some hackers around ;)

light "desc" button:
 Will create/edit the so-called ID3 tag, wich contains informaton about
 the file, very useful if the song uses some strange chars that you don't
 want to use in the filename.

light "help" button:
 *Ahem* Doesn't really work yet.. did I say this is some kind of a beta?
 I really shoud have removed it from the buttonfield.. 


Inside playlisteditor (press "pl" button to get here):

Browse button:
 Gives you a new screen where you can add new songs to your playlist.

Play button:
 Plays the current song.

Remove button:
 Will remove the current song from the playlist (NOT from disk)

Newlst button:
 Removes all playlist entries (NOT from disk).

Desc button: 
 Same function as the desc button at the mainscreen.

Back (or escape) button: 
 Return you to the main screen


Inside the fileloader/saver (press pl->browse to get here):

Add button:
 Will add tagged files to the playlist.

Tag button:
 Autotagger, tag all files ending up with ".mp3" in the current directory.

Untag button:
 Untags all tagged files.

Loadp button:
 Loads the current file as a playlist (text or CPL binary)

Savep button:
 Saves the current file (or a new name) as a playlist (text or CPL binary)

Clear button:
 Has the same function as the "newlst" button in the playlisteditor, will
 remove all playlist entries.

Back! (or escape) button:
 Takes you back to the playlist editor.

Space:
 Will change directory, if on a directory, otherwise it tags the current
 file.


-------------------------------------------------------
Homepage: http://www.sector7.kracked.com
Email:    inm@sector7.kracked.com

Please send me any kind of comments/bugs/ideas.

End Of File
